Update TIDL document for protocol version 2. (#1857)
Samsung/tizen-docs: docs/application/native/guides/app-management/tidl.md

}
```

## Protocol version 2 (Since Tizen 8.0)
To use protocol version 2, you must fill **'protocol 2'** in the .tidl file.
The following features are supported in protocol version 2:

>   > [!Note]

Author: Done

>   > **TIDLC** will support protocol version 2 since Tizen 8.0

Author: Done

      int GetPackages(out list<string> packages);

      [privilege = "http://tizen.org/privilege/packagemanager.admin"]
      int Install(file path);

      [privilege = "http://tizen.org/privilege/packagemanager.admin"]
      int Uninstall(string package);
    }
  ```
- To use the GetPackages method in the example, the client application needs to have the privilege that is "[http://tizen.org/privilege/packagemanager.info](http://tizen.org/privilege/packagemanager.info){:target="_blank"}".

### Map and set container type
- You can use map and set container types in TIDL.
- The map type is **'map\<K, V\>'**. The set type is **'set\<K\>'**:
  ```tidl
    struct Message {
      string name;
      map<string, string> envelope;
      set<string> keys;
    }
  ```
  > **Note**
  >
  > The key type of map and set container must be TIDL's built-in types.

### Marshalling type info
- From protocol version 2, the type of information and variable names of method parameters are also transmitted.
- Even if variable names are changed, added, or deleted due to interface modifications, it does not affect communication.
- If there are no variables to be passed, they are passed as initial values.

>   - **Example 1:** Original TIDL code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The following code is an example of an original TIDL code:
```

Author: Done

    ```tidl
      interface Hello {
        int GetPackages(out list<string> packages);
      }
    ```

>   - **Example 2:** Revised TIDL code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The following code is an example of a revised TIDL code:
```

Author: Done

    ```tidl
      interface Hello {
        int GetPackages(out list<string> packages, out int size);
      }
    ``````
- In the above example, the `GetPackages()` method has a size parameter added.
- Even if the stub only returns the existing packages parameter, there is no problem with communication.

### Struct inheritance
- **'struct'** inheritance is supported.
- Here is an example that supports **'struct'** inheritance where **MessageDerived** inherits **MessageBase**:
  ```tidl
    struct MessageBase {
      int id;
      string name;
    }

    struct MessageDerived : MessageBase {
      string msg;
    }
  ```

>   > [!Note]

Author: Done

}
```

> ## Protocol Version 2 (Since Tizen 8.0)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Protocol version 2 (Since Tizen 8.0)
```

Author: Done

> **TIDLC** supports 'protocol version 2' since Tizen 8.0.

Author: Done

> To use 'protocol version 2', you must fill **'protocol 2'** in the .tidl file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use protocol version 2, you must fill **'protocol 2'** in the .tidl file.
```

Author: Done

The following features are supported in 'protocol version 2'.

> 

Author: Done

> ### Enum Type

Author: Done

 - **'enum'** type is added.

>  - You can declare an **enum** type inside a 'struct' or 'interface' and use it as a member variable or parameter.

Author: Done

   ```tidl
    struct Message {
      enum Type {
        T1 = 0,
        T2,
        T3
      }

      Type t;
      int id;
      string str;
    }

    interface Hello {
      enum Version {
        V1,
        V2,
        V3
      }

      string SayHello(Version ver, string str, Message.Type msg);
    }

>   ```

Author: Done

- When using a struct's enum type as a method parameter, it must be specified as **"<struct_name>.<enum_type>"**.

> ### Import Another TIDL File

Author: Done

- **'import'** keyword is added.
- You can add and use other TIDL files in the same directory as the current TIDL file using the **'import'** keyword.
- During the compilation process, the contents of other TIDL files are integrated and generated as one code.
- The following example shows how to use the **'import'** keyword:
  ```tidl
    import <another.tidl>

    interface Message {
      int Send(string name, string msg);
    }
  ```

> ### Method Privilege

Author: Done

- The protocol version 2 of TIDL supports the method privilege feature.
- You can set privileges for each method of an interface by writing them as below:
  ```tidl
    interface PackageManager {
      [privilege = "http://tizen.org/privilege/packagemanager.info"]
      int GetPackages(out list<string> packages);

      [privilege = "http://tizen.org/privilege/packagemanager.admin"]
      int Install(file path);

      [privilege = "http://tizen.org/privilege/packagemanager.admin"]
      int Uninstall(string package);
    }
  ```

> - To use the GetPackages method in the example, the client application needs to have the privilege that is "http://tizen.org/privilege/packagemanager.info".

Author: Done

> ### Map and Set Container Type

Author: Done

- You can use map and set container types in TIDL.

> - The map type is **'map\<K, V\>'**. The set type is **'set\<K\>'**.

Author: Done

  ```tidl
    struct Message {
      string name;
      map<string, string> envelope;
      set<string> keys;
    }
  ```
  > **Note**
  >

>   > The key type of map and set container must be TIDL's builtin types.

Author: Done

### Marshalling Type Info

> - From protocol version 2, the type information and variable names of method parameters are also transmitted.

Author: Done

- Even if variable names are changed, added, or deleted due to interface modifications, it does not affect communication.
- If there are no variables to be passed, they are passed as initial values.

>   - Example 1. Original tidl code

Author: Done

    ```tidl
      interface Hello {
        int GetPackages(out list<string> packages);
      }
    ```

>   - Example 2. Revised tidl code

Author: Done

    ```tidl
      interface Hello {
        int GetPackages(out list<string> packages, out int size);
      }
    ``````

> - In the example, the GetPackages() method has an added size parameter.

Author: Done

- Even if the stub only returns the existing packages parameter, there is no problem with communication.

> ### Struct Inheritance

Author: Done

- **'struct'** inheritance is supported.

> - Here is an example that supports **'struct'** inheritance:

Author: Done

  ```tidl
    struct MessageBase {
      int id;
      string name;
    }

    struct MessageDerived : MessageBase {
      string msg;
    }
  ```

> - In this example, **MessageDerived** inherits **MessageBase**.

Author: Done

  > **Note**
  >

>   > The inherited struct MUST not have elements of the base struct."

Author: Hmm? What is better than?

> - If the method of the interface is a base struct, communication can be performed using the derived struct that is inherited. (Polymophism)

Author: Done

  ```tidl
    struct MessageBase {
      int id;
      string name;
    }

    struct MessageDerived : MessageBase {
      string msg;
    }

    struct Envelope : MessageBase {
      string address;
      string msg;
    }

    interface Message {
      int SendMessage(MessageBase msg);
    }
  ```

> - When using the **Message** interface, you can use **Envelope** or **MessageDerived** to call the **SendMessage()** method.

Author: Done

> ### Remote Exception

Author: Done

- The stub can use **RemoteException** to throw an exception to the proxy.
- This feature is available when the method operates synchronously.

> - When the proxy sends a request and waits for a result, if the stub throws an exception, it is passed to the proxy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When the proxy sends a request and awaits a response, any exception thrown by the stub is forwarded to the proxy..
```

Author: Done

> ### Local Execution Mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Local execution mode
```

Author: Done

- If the stub that the proxy sends a request to is in the same application, a function call occurs instead of RPC.

> ### Private Sharing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Private sharing
```

Author: Done

> - Since protocol version 2, the file keyword can be used without the '-b' option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Since protocol version 2, the **file** keyword can be used without the '-b' option.
```

Author: Done

- The proxy or the stub can use this to share a specific file in the data directory with the intended recipient for communication.
- The recipient who receives the shared file can access it with read-only permission.

> ### TIDL Generated Code for Protocol Version 2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### TIDL generated code for protocol version 2
```

Author: Done

**TIDL**
```tidl
protocol 2

struct MessageBase {
  int id;
  string name;
  string msg;
}

struct MessageDerived : MessageBase {
  string address;
}

interface Message {
  void OnReceived(string sender, MessageBase message) delegate;

  int Register(string sender, OnReceived callback);
  void Unregister() async;
  int Send(MessageBase message);
}
```

> - In the example, the MessageDerived structure inherits from MessageBase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In the example above, the MessageDerived structure inherits from MessageBase.
```

Author: Done

- When calling the Send method of the Message interface, you can use a MessageDerived instance.

> #### Proxy Interface

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Proxy interface
```

Author: Done

}
```

## Protocol version 2 (Since Tizen 8.0)
To use protocol version 2, you must fill **'protocol 2'** in the .tidl file.
The following features are supported in protocol version 2:

>   > **Note**
>   >
>   > **TIDLC** will support protocol version 2 since Tizen 8.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  > [!NOTE]
  > **TIDLC** will support protocol version 2 since Tizen 8.0.
```

      int GetPackages(out list<string> packages);

      [privilege = "http://tizen.org/privilege/packagemanager.admin"]
      int Install(file path);

      [privilege = "http://tizen.org/privilege/packagemanager.admin"]
      int Uninstall(string package);
    }
  ```
- To use the GetPackages method in the example, the client application needs to have the privilege that is "[http://tizen.org/privilege/packagemanager.info](http://tizen.org/privilege/packagemanager.info){:target="_blank"}".

### Map and set container type
- You can use map and set container types in TIDL.
- The map type is **'map\<K, V\>'**. The set type is **'set\<K\>'**:
  ```tidl
    struct Message {
      string name;
      map<string, string> envelope;
      set<string> keys;
    }
  ```
  > **Note**
  >
  > The key type of map and set container must be TIDL's built-in types.

### Marshalling Type Info
- From protocol version 2, the type of information and variable names of method parameters are also transmitted.
- Even if variable names are changed, added, or deleted due to interface modifications, it does not affect communication.
- If there are no variables to be passed, they are passed as initial values.

>   - **Example 1** Original TIDL code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **Example 1:** Original TIDL code:
```

    ```tidl
      interface Hello {
        int GetPackages(out list<string> packages);
      }
    ```

>   - **Example 2** Revised TIDL code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **Example 2:** Revised TIDL code:
```

    ```tidl
      interface Hello {
        int GetPackages(out list<string> packages, out int size);
      }
    ``````
- In the above example, the `GetPackages()` method has a size parameter added.
- Even if the stub only returns the existing packages parameter, there is no problem with communication.

### Struct inheritance
- **'struct'** inheritance is supported.
- Here is an example that supports **'struct'** inheritance where **MessageDerived** inherits **MessageBase**:
  ```tidl
    struct MessageBase {
      int id;
      string name;
    }

    struct MessageDerived : MessageBase {
      string msg;
    }
  ```

>   > **Note**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  > [!NOTE]
```

>   >

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>   > The inherited struct MUST not have elements of the base struct."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  > The inherited struct must not have elements of the base struct.
```

### Remote exception
- The stub can use **RemoteException** to throw an exception to the proxy.
- This feature is available when the method operates synchronously.
- When the proxy sends a request and awaits a response, any exception thrown by the stub is forwarded to the proxy.

### Local execution mode
- If the stub that the proxy sends a request to is in the same application, a function call occurs instead of RPC.

### Private sharing
- Since protocol version 2, the **file** keyword can be used without the '-b' option.
- The proxy or the stub can use this to share a specific file in the data directory with the intended recipient for communication.
- The recipient who receives the shared file can access it with read-only permission.

### TIDL generated code for protocol version 2

**TIDL**
```tidl
protocol 2

struct MessageBase {
  int id;
  string name;
  string msg;
}

struct MessageDerived : MessageBase {
  string address;
}

interface Message {
  void OnReceived(string sender, MessageBase message) delegate;

  int Register(string sender, OnReceived callback);
  void Unregister() async;
  int Send(MessageBase message);
}
```

> - In the example above, the MessageDerived structure inherits from MessageBase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In the example above, the **MessageDerived** structure inherits from **MessageBase**.
```
